Hello, everyone!
Out of the people who are watching this video,
there must be some who are graduating from something or other.
School,
clubs,
work...
There are three things I would like to tell
those who are moving on from something in their lives.
While watching YouTube,
I came across these words:
"If you live each day as if it was your last,
someday you'll most certainly be right."
[Quote by Steve Jobs]
Every morning,
look in the mirror and ask yourself this:
"If I were to die today,
would I be doing
what I really want in life?”
If that answer is “no” everyday,
I think you need to change something.
If you live every day
as if it’s your last,
you may find the confidence to make important decisions in your life.
That is because
all of our anxieties
are created by our own expectations and pride
and our fear of failing or making a fool of ourselves.
So if we confront death itself
they will simply seem like nothing.
And what remains after,
is what truly matters to us.
If we live each day as our last,
we will be able to pass on
without any regrets of loss.
You are born a blank portrait.
That’s right,
you and I are the same.
You should follow your heart.
“Stay hungry
Stay foolish”
by Steve Jobs
And one other thing.
I came across this quote too.
“Common sense
is the collection
of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.”
[Quote by Einstein]
Everyone, please think about this.
Two years ago,
do you think you would have ever subscribed to someone like me?
If you keep believing
in the future you want to see
the impossible will become possible.
The world will
continue evolving and growing beyond
what is considered impossible now.
So,
I want you to be honest with
what you want to see,
what you believe in,
and dare to do what you want to.
“Expand your horizons!”
By the way,
Einstein said that one, didn’t he?
One last thing:
Everyone,
congratulations on graduating!!
I’ve said many things today,
but there is only one thing
I really, really want to tell you!
I pray you won’t
graduate from being a Kizuner!
That’s all!
Class dismissed!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by myriadcandles
Timed by Loserbait